seeds can grow into plants long after a
seed is formed would you believe that an
Arctic lupine seed more than 10,000
years old grew into a flower when it was
finally planted
Vincent van Gogh painted his famous
painting the olive trees in 1889 the
same year that the Eiffel Tower in Paris
open to the public
Johann Sebastian Bach might not have
made it to outer space but his music has
the second concerto from Bach's
Brandenburg Concertos is part of the
collection of music on board the Voyager
spacecraft
pigs don't roll around in the mud
because they want to be dirty they do it
to protect their skin from the Sun God
is like sunscreen to a pig and it also
helps to keep pigs cool in a hot weather
people stay healthy and grow by eating
things like fruits and vegetables but
since plants can eat food they count on
the sun's rays the energy from the Sun
mixes with the water in the air to make
food that helps the plant grow when that
happens it's called photosynthesis
johann Sebastian Bach's Brandenburg
Concertos were also called six concertos
for several instruments because each one
was written to be played by different
instruments
just because it's cloudy outside doesn't
always mean it's going to rain only
certain clouds like nimbostratus and
cumulonimbus have drops of water that
turned into raindrops
Vincent van Gogh love the way ancient
olive trees looked so much that he made
more than a dozen different paintings of
them